From laughfactory.com (Joke of the Day)

Three babies are in their mother's womb. One of them says, "I want to be an
artist so everyone knows what it looks like in here." The next one says,
"I want to be a swimmer because I get so much practice in here." The last
baby says, "I'm going to be a hunter because if that snake comes in here and
pokes me again, I'm going to chop that thing in half!"

A young gay man calls home and tells his jewish mother that he has decided
to go back into the closet because he has met a wonderful girl and they are
going to get married. He tells his mother that he is sure she will be happier
since he knows that his gay lifestyle has been very disturbing to her. She
responds that she is indeed delighted and asks tentatively, "I suppose it
would be too much to hope that she would be Jewish?" He tells her that not
only is the girl Jewish, but she's from a wealthy bevery hills family. She
admits she is overwhelmed by the news, and asks, "What is her name?" He
answers, "Monica Lewinsky." There is a pause, then his mother asks, "What
happended to that nice black boy you were dating last year?"

Roger is a hard worker, and he spends most of his nights bowling or playing
volleyball. One weekend, his wife decides that he needs to relax a little and
take a break from sports, so she takes him to a strip club. The doorman at the
club spots them and says "Hay Roger! How are you tonight?" His wife,
surprised, asks her husband if he has been here before. "No, no. He's just one
of the guys I bowl with." They are seated, and the waitress approaches, sees
roger and says "Nice to see you, Roger. A gin and tonic as usual?" His wife's
eyes widen. "You must come here a lot!" "No no" says Roger "I just know her
from volleyball." Then a stripper walks up to the table. She throws her arms
around Roger and says "Roger! A table dance as usual?" His wife, fuming,
collects her things and storms out of the bar. Roger follows her and spots her
getting into a cab, so he Jumps into the passenger seat. His wife looks at
him, seething with fury and flips out on Roger. Just then, the cabby leans
over and says "Sure looks like you picked up a bitch tonight, Roger!"

A tough looking group of hairy bikers are riding when they see a girl about to
jump off a bridge, so they stop. The leader, a big burly man, gets off his
bike and says, "What are you doing?" "I'm going to commit suicide," She says.
While he doesn't want to appear insensitive, he also doesn't want to miss an
opportunity, so he asks, "Well, before you jump, why don't you give me a
kiss?" She does, and it is a long, deep, lingering kiss. After she's finished,
the tough, hairy biker says, "Wow! That was the best kiss I've ever had!
That's a real talent you're wasting. You could be famous. Why are you
Committing Suicide?" "My parents don't like me dressing up like a girl..."

